hello to all dear friends with you
Artem we greet all and we play
garry's mod oddly enough it is a slander
mod garry's mod
Well, something like that and there you need to find
how many notes 8 and now we will
let's get scared let's get you here
with a flashlight exactly reach sure too
stop 100 is not worth fraternity i'm without
sound just playing now window turn on
sound well, probably in the game settings you
right so the audio here on the button is about
blood on the sight button you can start
long flashlight mode wait for me
probably in the stereo mixer and everything in the mixer
garry's mod hike disabled o
perfectly went to the right button you can
distant mode include your flashlight
mother what are you shouting you sho fool with me
the flashlight doesn't work doesn't work there for
by me you are me I can't see you
earned went all the way not a flashlight
fucking camera though logical there
this lamp is lit then apparently it
how would go like night vision they
flashlight because when you shine
flashlights I do not see wait I'll see
so it seems there is no right button sometimes
you press the talisman I camera
turned on an hour will scatter
shukher something here will scatter shorter
you think we will scatter
bike and don't ride because
Go look so you can
where are you where don't scare me so what is it
so far i'm not scared come on here
let's go and if the angle and it sounds and
let's see what we have here is true
oh note my sound is true not on
full in my opinion what are you
light where did you go I don't know stand on
place
It is 1000, he went there he was not himself
Magnificent here I am here you just took
backed away yes and walked in the door
fuck myself i take a note
well what are you coming back I didn't take I took on
and even audio settings
there is only possible to bring the camera by the way
i know why i can't i take because
what did you take yes yes I took quite everything
is 0 notes I have one go but
all I have is one now oh her she i am not
can be so scared yes stand on
place all wait let's stand
Milk we take where to me batteries
I also discharged and I have a flashlight
stream stand on the spot on the spot run run
will rise
shield seriously where are you i dead yes why are you
died you cried like women when he died
by the way you in the game screamed like a grandmother
wow 9 look after me before or you
slender no i'm dead i'm not ordering center
go i switched on and carried
I'm scared a little bit
m
I collect notes and I'm trying to find
a note
such I do not know the card this is the first time they
no card understand this fly
all the same in vain I turned on the sounds in the game
well can i summer i am your dead body window template
worth saren me gray
he's back he is busy no need turn around
turn around look weigh mom was even
light cut down light peter peter i
watching with you where is he I don't know
I look at you
it is necessary soon with me Artem I got lost and
in general there is something shining to the bulb
in general, by knowing that I do not need
never well worth a permanent place
I want so he walks yes and he is not there
in front of me he appeared right on
will take you nights Turk
turn around reverse seconds salt behind not
hand for rubisko gray note where here
come back knit he left he left him
no come back back back slot stand
a note on the wall here
back 2 loops note so it stands there
the plan went to the wall here's the wall for you pulse
did not forget
Here I took myself dm bitch fag
let 's finish this again
I wash my face again and this screen is no shorter
Thanks for watching this and give it all.
equal subscribe to the channel put
likes come to our public places on VKontakte
links in the description to you I was Sergei
Good luck to everyone , Artem was still there
turn around fucking about everything for now
this year and yes thanks